*Originally written by @rayhanadev on February 8th, 2025*

- back to our usual numbers(ish)
- circles went well, i sat in on data analytics and gave guidance to move the circle forward
- session went spectacular, @wud2 did awesome and we got quite a few people in on it actually making pieces and having a good time (~250 pieces, started assembling a torus) it's my most favorite session yet
- we experimented with putting that table that's near the printer next to the stairs, putting the sign on top of it, and putting the badges, stamp, and black phone on the table. a few of people were pavlovianed into the badges being in the kitchen so they were a little confused, but with some signs i think this is a good way to get people to take a badge at the beginning of hack night. we're almost out of badges, and all the regulars got their badge! (its a good thing folks were asking where they were, shows they care!) :)
- we commemorated the commit overflow folks (i created a super quick slideshow with everyone's discord) before checkpoints and almost everyone got their badge. few people weren't here, so i'll reach out and give them their badge
- checkpoints went well imo, not our best but not our worst either. some pretty neat ships but clap-energy was pretty oddly low :P
- none of the annoyances of last hack night with groups being loud or off-task, was just a regular hack night which is good!
- new people came and were super hack night pilled. this one guy took a badge, sat in every circle and session, stayed for checkpoints, and left afterwards saying he loved it and plans to come next week. really enjoyed it
- post hack night is post hack nighting, nothing special going on besides i think [@theshadoweevee](https://github.com/purduehackers/dark-forest/blob/main/people/hack-bishops/theshadoweevee.md) and [@almondman](https://github.com/purduehackers/dark-forest/blob/main/people/hack-bishops/almondman.md) filming a reality tv show LOL
